# Priority Manager 

For part three of our project we elected to build *Priority Manager* as task managment app which allows users to specify the priority of tasks when they enter them, as well as rules for how that priority should change over time. Most task managers allow users to give their tasks a priority when they're created. However, most tasks get more important as their due dates get closer. A final exam is a low priority task in August, but a max priority task in December. As such, we decided to create a new kind of task manager with this in mind. Welcome, *Priority Manager*. 

Priority Manager works like most task managers, giving users the ability to list, add, and filter tasks. However, when creating a task users can add three parameters beyond the expected name, due date, description. These parameters, `-rise` , `-when`, and `-maxp`, are used by our app to determine what the current priority of a task should be given the current date and the date the task is due. The parameters are interpreted as follows. 

- `-rise` indicates how much the priority should rise on each occurence of the given interval 

- `-when` indicates what the interval to raise the priority should be. This parameters has units of "days before due date"

- `maxp` indicates what the maximum priority of the task should be

For example, if a user wanted to add a task that would increase 2 in priority every week before the due date with a max priority of 4 they'd enter

`add_task -rise 2 -when 7 -maxp 4`

The parameters can be given in any order, so the following would also work.

`add_task -when 7 -maxp 4 -rise 2`

By default the program saves tasks and loads tasks to the file at `./user/savedtasks` however, if the program is run with an additional parameters `cargo run someValue` that parameter will be interpreted as the path to a file which will then be used to load and save the tasks. 

The program saves tasks in JSON format which is autogenerated by the crate `serde_json` based on the structures used in the program. 